PRIVACY POLICY FOR DRINK SPINNER

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Drink Spinner (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Sforzando Games.The Application uses the google places api to provide bar names nearby and allow you to randomly select them by spinning a wheel.

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information
The Application does not ask for any user provided information
Automatically Collected Information

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, and the dimensions of your mobile device.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

We will never share your information with any third parties.


What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at SforzandoGamesInfo@gmail.com.

Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We require no user provided information in the use of this Application. Automatically collected information are stored locally on your device and are only used when the Application is in use. No information is sent to Sforzando Games or any third party directly. To stop the use of autimatically collected information, you can easily uninstall the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

Children

We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at SforzandoGamesInfo@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.

Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policyhereandinforming you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United Statesyour information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United Statesprivacy standards.

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at SforzandoGamesInfo@gmail.com.
